[Music]
[Applause]
hello
welcome back to another video i have
honestly missed you guys
so much i just feel like i haven't
really like vlogged or updated you
on everything at the moment i feel like
i've just got so much to tell you you
know when you get like
caught up i was like oh my god like days
just keep flying by recently
i am back today to fill you in on
everything like what's been going on
with my fitness
all of that first things first can we
just take a minute like i just made a
cup of tea
this is really unheard of like i don't
normally drink tea so i'm a bit like
okay
but i'm just really craving it more so
than coffee and i do think
it's getting a bit ridiculous like i was
having like three coffees a day and it
just wasn't touching me like it used to
so i thought maybe it's time for a break
the other thing to mention is i just
wanted to say thank you so much
for sending the kindest messages around
my birthday and stuff i really
appreciate it and thank you for making
my day so special and everything yeah
the reason why i just feel like i've
been
not here recently or like posting my
usual like fitness content
it's just because it's been my birthday
and this year i just thought i'm just
gonna go all out like
i didn't really celebrate so much for my
21st birthday kind of like regretted it
so i was like no this year's gonna be
i'm gonna go all out and like given like
the whole circumstances with
coronavirus and quarantine and all of
that i just wanted to make it like a bit
more special with like my close friends
and stuff which brings me on
to actually the real reason why i'm
making this video basically
i have legitimately eaten cake
like three to four times a day recently
like
i've just been stuffing my face with
everything inside like chocolate
sweet stuff just indulging really which
is absolutely fine
but usually i don't normally do it for
like a solid week it's going to be
talking about how i get back on track if
you like and explain
what i do like say if i have had a week
like this hopefully it can be really
helpful for you because we all have
these weeks you know your birthday comes
around once a year and like special
occasions
everything like that i'm just going to
talk some more about that and i will
just take you along and show you what i
got up to
today i'm going to start by making just
a lemon water like a little detox
cold drink which is very much needed oh
we've got pip in there
so i'm just going to drink my lemon
water
this is a really good like little
antioxidant it's a good source of
vitamin c as well it's not something i
do like every single day though i'm
going to start with what i've got for
you in on
so as you can tell i had my hair done
got like a darker toner a little bit
more ashy like before
it was kind of like blocky like my roots
had grown so much so it was just like
brown here and then
bits of blonde so it's just kind of like
come together a bit more if you're
wondering
what looks a little bit different the
next thing is obviously like around my
birthday so i'd say like the past
probably two weeks actually i haven't
tracked a single thing
i've still been like working out my
usual kind of routine
i just kind of had a rest before that i
was sort of sitting at like maintenance
i don't like a set goal or something in
mind so i just thought the best idea
and the best thing for myself was just
to sit at maintenance for a bit that is
that side of things now i have just
booked this morning
a trip to spain that like early next
week it just feels so needy like i'm
sure you'll be the same like you know
and you're just kind of sick
of like that your four walls in your
house and i just really feel like i
could do
like a trip out of like my normal
routine the other thing
was i just really wanted to address and
sort of talk about
like getting back on track it's really
nice to
like just to be able to sort of like
indulge and not have that guilt there
and also realize like a week or even a
bit longer than a week is really not
going to change your body composition
massively in the long term as long as
you sort of like get back to your normal
routine
so i was literally having like chocolate
cake for breakfast lunch dinner and just
like
eating so much crap i didn't have much
energy or anything so it was quite nice
to do that and
to see the difference between what my
energy levels and
like overall happiness all of that in
comparison to like eating like my normal
kind of
whole foods i always have chocolate
obviously like normally you guys know
that i have sweet things
but yeah like i definitely don't have i
would never recommend someone having
like chocolate and cake
for breakfast lunch and dinner you're
just gonna feel as rubbish because
you're putting rubbish into your body
and especially like processed stuff
i approach what i'm taking from here
onwards like
we got through not one cake but two like
who even has two cakes for the birthday
this year i was just beyond blessed to
have two cakes
so yes we finished that off that's
completely gone but we still got loads
of like chocolate and stuff
which i'll be adding to like my protein
notes from here i'm just gonna be going
back to like my usual ways of eating and
i would also say
if you're someone who's in the same
position as me just try and go back to
your normal routine
there's no point like doing anything
crazy like restricting yourself or
cutting your calories to next to nothing
because it's not going to benefit you
in the long run going back to like my
normal fitness routine
which has stayed pretty much the same
that i've still been getting my steps in
and i've still been getting my workouts
in i just would say i've been a bit like
lazy like i haven't been doing them in
the morning i've been leaving it till
later on in the day
so that is what i wanted to sort of just
mention and if anyone's going through
anything similar
i really hope that these little tips
will help you
i did mention this in an instagram
caption just the other day
and but just about how like this is
probably the first time
in years where i've been able to eat
whatever i've wanted
without feeling like i've lost control
which is really
nice to be able to say because a few
years ago i would have struggled so much
and i'd have like
like felt guilty around food it's just
such an unhealthy
relationship to have what's made what's
like helped me
have that kind of mindset is shifting
things around like i said like a lot of
times you've heard me say this so much
but
not having food as like off limits or
restricting just certain food groups by
doing that like you're not
going to want to sort of like binge as
much by having that mentality
whereas i think if you start restricting
stuff or saying you can't have certain
stuff you're going to have more of a
desire to like want to binge and go
crazy the other thing i said as well was
just like
i consistently work out and eat well i
have a lot of like nutritious
whole foods in my diet and all of that
stuff like 85 to 90 of the time
so you know having temps at the time
where i just
eat less of my normal foods is really
not going to be detrimental
out or like affect my whole you know
years of pro
pro like if i was to continue to just
eat rubbish and fuel my body with
stuff with lower nutritional value i
know that i'm not going to get the best
out of like myself anyway in terms of my
workouts just how i feel and my whole
life mentality
but i would just say like don't restrict
yourself like you know birthdays come
around once a year eat the bloody cake
i would always say that um but this like
this is what i mean but i've still got
so much chocolate left
like this is like this mixed um it's
like kind of like a nutty
it reminds me like ferrero rocher but in
chocolate form and i just nibbled it was
a little bit
the other day so yeah i still got all
that and then
look at all these sweets so i just
bagged this up this was from
like the grave table that we had which
was just insane but look at all these
sweets
like i haven't even seen some of these
before it just takes me back to being a
kid
and all these like huge marshmallows so
still plenty of food
in the cupboards i don't really like i'm
not a massive sweet person i much prefer
chocolate to be honest
[Music]
so i'm just having a little chocolate
protein bowl for
breakfast with some banana raisins and
almond flakes
so we haven't actually opened these yet
have you you guys my birthday
i think i'm going to have almond and
hazelnut praline satin
it has to be weird not nice the dark
chocolate oil
so i've just hopped in the car and um
i've just been to the post office
sent off a few bits and i'm now going to
the supermarket
i think this is like the first time i
mean i've gone to sainsbury's like the
mini one but um i haven't been to the
actual big supermarket
since like down stuff i've been mainly
getting stuff delivered but as we're
going away i just wanted to get like
a few little bits penelope has got some
allergies at the moment so she's on like
um
a fish diet which is an absolute
nightmare like we're trying to get to
the bottom of
all of that at the moment which is
taking so long but she's like really
itchy
so i'm getting some more fish for her
she honestly has like a better
diet than i do like healthier
uh and then i'm going to get some like
toiletries and stuff
for going away on monday
so i'm quite excited about that but yeah
i've been feeling
quite bloated this past few days
obviously except you've been eating all
the foods
um and loads of sugar which always seems
to blow me up
and i always think the best way to get
rid of that is just to like
flush your system drink as much water as
you can
and i really think ginger tea is really
helpful as well
just like chop up some ginger and like
simmer that with some like boiling hot
water that's a good shout
or obviously like the lemon water like i
did this morning but i picked up like i
actually remember this time
i picked up all like my after sun sun
creams and everything from the shops
just then
which is something i just always forget
those things and then
i feel like they work the prices up of
those things on holiday so
yeah i'm really glad my dad has like a
holiday a villa
over in spain so that is where we're
going by the way i don't think i
mentioned that
um but yeah i booked our flights this
morning
i just can't wait like i don't know
anything else but you know you're just
like i really need like a change of
scenery
and even just like oh we just never
spent so much time in the four walls
of my home like as all of us have over
the last few months like
even if um you're not up for going
abroad at the moment
i would definitely say like just go see
some family go stoves and family or
friends like
when you're not working at the weekend
or something and i just think it'll be
just so refreshing
i am particularly looking forward to
getting some sunshine as well on my skin
um but you watch it'll be like a heat
wave here
or something by the time i'm like i go
away and stuff like that's always a way
isn't it but
yeah hopefully it'd be nice and sunny if
you are in the uk at the moment
[Music]
i just got back from the shops and
everything and gave myself a coffee
would you believe this is my first
coffee of the day i feel like a changed
woman
just something i was just thinking about
as i was driving like don't you find i
always feel like i have the most
thoughts or things that come to me when
i have the driving or like in the shower
uh they're like my two places where all
my thoughts come
and but yeah obviously because it has
been my birthday and stuff like i had a
few like
i think i was probably a bit hungover as
well the day after but i had like
like just two sort of down days you know
afterwards
um and i think that was because at the
time i was like oh i have nothing to
look forward to
and that obviously when your birthday's
come up it's such a big like i made
loads of plans and stuff and had all my
friends and family
here all of that and also like the past
couple months i don't know what it is
i've just not
really there's just been some something
that's like a little bit of miss
like i can't really put my finger on it
and and i'm just trying to like
keep doing doing me and like focusing on
the things that make me feel the best
because i feel like whenever i start
slacking in like my morning routine
and like my little rituals like i've
mentioned so many times my channel about
like meditating i hadn't been doing that
and all these little things and like
just getting my workout in first thing
in the morning
that always sets me up for a first date
whereas when i delay like my
stuff that i like to get done first and
then make me feel the best
within myself i always think that's when
i started getting a bit like i know you
know just a bit like feeling a bit of a
funk
and lacking motivation and i haven't
really
been like staring at my goals as much
recently so yeah all these things i'm
mentioning i think is a massive reason
and i'm sure if someone else
if someone else can relate to this then
that might have helped like i would just
always say to like go back
to doing what makes you feel the best
and sort of like just
acknowledging what you know like why you
actually might be feeling the way you do
that kind of thing because i'm one of
those people i can so just like
try and avoid actually sitting down and
thinking about um
what's actually making me feel a bit
weird and just like plowing through
whereas i think the best thing to do is
just to take a step back and be like
right
let's see what's actually like changed
since i was last like
feeling my best without going into that
i'm just going to show you some of the
bits that i just picked up from the
shops
food wise i literally just picked up
like how pathetic is this i just got
some really minimal
bits i did actually get like quite a lot
of fish with penelope
um but yeah we've already got meat
inside she's got some courgettes
some avocado two avocados some
little mushrooms some rice
and a broccoli like that as much the
best food shop but yeah we're only here
for another few days so i just thought
that'd be fine then
for like the holiday bits i just got
some like
sun cream stuff i really like this
malibu brand like if you're going
away or whatever i would recommend these
because they smell
so so nice i love anything like a
coconut scent
and these are like the spray-on ones
which are game-changing
and like so much nicer on than like the
thick sun cream
for the plane i just got some like
little extra anti-back wipes
and then i've seen those like muas
raving about these like moisture bombs
like before putting on your makeup
so yeah i just thought i'd just get two
of those like especially for going away
and stuff
and then just some quattro uh little
razors i really like these like
i'm quite fussy when it comes to razors
because the amount of times i cut my
legs or whatever and these
are really like movable and then i just
got some
deodorant too like coconut like i said
literally that was ridiculous
i love coconut everything uh some more
body wash this rose scent one
and then just some aloe vera and two
packs of toothpaste
so
[Music]
so i just ordered these little like
scrunch bottom bikini bottom
bikini bottoms and bikini set from
pretty little thing and it's kind of
like
a corally red which i think is really
nice and i'm sure they don't normally
have this much detail
like i really really like this i think
that's going to be really nice
on especially with like a tan and yeah
i just got that and then i got this
little like lemony
yellow little just little crop top thing
and i really like the fabric of it it's
not like i thought it was actually going
to be like a cheaper you know that just
really super thin stuff it's really nice
only thing is it's in a medium and it
does look
quite big but i think it'll be nice
because i've got the tie fronts that'll
look nice it's a little denim shorts or
something
and then i got some just like black
hexagon
big sunglasses and also this like gold
uh chain to go around the neck the only
thing is they're obviously like two
different colors for some reason i
thought it was like more gold
and then just this little cute set i am
so here for like
prt's new quality like if you just have
a look it's like a rib
i don't know what you'd call that it's
not like cotton because normally
all their materials just mainly just
like cheap cotton
so yes i just got that little set so
just some little bits
i've also got a misguided delivery
coming so yeah so that is all like my
little just bits of holiday stuff
like i've got a misguided order coming
as well just some more little bits but i
have actually got pretty much
all like my summer stuff um from last
year that i didn't actually take with me
so yeah anyway oh look at me i found my
little shrine i got these for my
birthday
literally the best presents in the world
i've got like a massive amethyst
uh but yeah that is all like my little
this is where my meditation i sit here
and do like meditation facing those
i would love to do a video on my whole
spiritual spiritual journey because
i would have never said like a few years
ago that i'd be into like meditation and
it's honestly changed my life
so let me know if you would like to see
more on that oh you know so i just did a
quick
full body body weight workout um and
like i said when i'm easing myself back
into things i just like to take things
back to basics and the good thing the
best thing sorry
i like about just doing bodyweight stuff
is just i can make it like a little
dance routine if you know what i mean
put my music on do a little circuit um
i've been really liking doing
imams so that's every minute on the
minute with weights but today i just
fancied doing body weight and i'm going
to go on a little 5k run
now so i'm going to end this vlog here
um
yeah i didn't want this to be like a
white in a day video as i'm going to
film that next that's been really high
requested
but i just felt like i just wanted to
catch up with you if you know what i
mean yeah that brings us to the end of
this video
let me know what you'd like to see in
the next few videos i'm feeling
just already i'm just so glad to be back
sat here filming
for you guys and i feel definitely more
myself than i have done over the past
like few weeks and all of that and but
yeah if you haven't already i would love
you to stick around by joining the
family
hitting that subscribe button and liking
this video it really supports
and helps my channel and i'll see you in
the next video
[Music]
you